LAST TIME ON...
SHALL WE SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL, JADEN?
I'M COMING AT YOU
WITH EVERYTHING I GOT.
I WOULDN'T WANT IT
ANY OTHER WAY.
both:
LET'S DO THIS!
IT IS TIME.
TIME FOR WHAT?
TO SUMMON YUBEL.
DID YOU JUST
SUMMON YOURSELF?
YES, JADEN. AND NOW
PREPARE TO FEEL MY FURY.
LISTEN, YUBEL, I KNOW
I MADE YOU SAD AND LONELY,
AND I'M SORRY YOU HAD TO
GO THROUGH IT ALONE.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL SORRY.
I WANT YOU
TO FEEL PAIN.
Syrus: JADEN!
HUH? SYRUS?
YOU CAN SAVE EVERYONE, JADEN.
JUST WIN THIS BATTLE!
AH...
JADEN, WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
GIVE UP, ARE YOU?
AFTER ALL I'VE DONE FOR YOU,
I NEED YOU TO STEP UP.
DON'T WORRY. I'M GOING
TO STEP UP, YUBEL.
I'M GOING TO END YOU.
FOR TOO LONG, I'VE BEEN
SCARED OF MY ANGER.
BUT I'M NOT SCARED
OF MY ANGER ANYMORE.
YOU ARE GOING DOWN,
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU'VE GOT TO
LEARN HIT-OR-MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU'D BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Yubel: NOW LET'S FINISH
WHAT WE STARTED.
HMM...
JADEN, I DON'T LIKE
THE LOOK IN YOUR EYES.
HUH?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT
ME, SYRUS. I'M OKAY.
I UNDERSTAND WHAT
NEEDS TO BE DONE
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
I HAVE TO USE
THE POWER
OF THE SUPREME KING.
WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT. I CAN'T BE
AFRAID OF HIM ANYMORE.
AS BASTION SAID,
WE'RE TWO SIDES
OF THE SAME COIN.
HE'S A PART OF ME,
AND I'M A PART
OF HIM,
AND TOGETHER WE'RE
GOING TO DEFEAT YOU!
DEFEAT ME?
YEAH, AND IT BEGINS
WITH THIS.
HMM...I PLAY
NEO-SPACE WAVE!
AND WITH THIS
SPELL CARD,
I'LL BRING OUT
MY NEO-SPACIANS.
YUBEL...
THESE ARE THE CARDS
THAT WERE INFUSED
WITH THE COSMIC ENERGY
I WANTED YOU TO HAVE.
WITH THEM AND THE POWER
OF THE SUPREME KING,
YOU DON'T STAND
A CHANCE!
AND NOW, I REMOVE
MY ELEMENTAL HEROES
AVIAN, SPARKMAN,
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO CALL OUT
NEO-SPACIAN GLOW MOSS,
AIR HUMMINGBIRD,
AND AQUA DOLPHIN!
[CREATURES GRUNTING]
THESE CARDS HAVE ALWAYS
BEEN BY MY SIDE.
AND IN A SECOND, YUBEL,
YOU'LL GET TO MEET THEM
UP-CLOSE AND PERSONAL.
OH...
I LOOK FORWARD
TO THE OPPORTUNITY.
TO THINK THAT AFTER
ALL OF THESE YEARS,
I MIGHT ACTUALLY GET THE CHANCE
TO DESTROY THE CARDS
THAT REPLACED ME
IN YOUR HEART,
AND IT'S YOU THAT WILL
HELP ME DO IT.
REMEMBER, JADEN,
FOR EVERY SPELL CARD YOU PLAY,
MY SPELL CHRONICLE
GAINS POWER,
AND IN THE END,
IT WILL DESTROY YOU
AND YOUR NEO-SPACIANS.
WELL, I'M NOT CHANGING
MY GAME PLAN,
SPELL CARD OR NO
SPELL CARD, YUBEL.
NOW, CHECK THIS OUT.
I PLAY THE SPELL
NEO-SPACIAN EXTENT!
LUCKY FOR YOU, JADEN.
YOUR SPELL CHRONICLE
TRAP IS FULL.
SO THE SPELLS
WILL KEEP ON COMING.
THAT'S RIGHT.
NOW JADEN DOESN'T
HAVE TO WORRY.
NOT TRUE. EVEN THOUGH
HER SPELL CHRONICLE
CAN'T BE CHARGED ANYMORE,
NEXT ROUND,
YUBEL WILL BE ABLE
TO UNLEASH ITS POWER
AND FORCE JADEN
TO MAKE HER HAND STRONGER.
NOW THANKS TO
MY NEO-SPACIAN
EXTENT SPELL CARD,
MY GLOW MOSS EVOLVES
INTO TWINKLE MOSS.
[ROARING]
HUH?
AND THEN I'LL USE
MY SPECIAL ABILITY.
Jaden: THANKS,
AIR HUMMINGBIRD.
SO FOR EVERY CARD
IN YOUR HAND, YUBEL,
I GET 500
LIFE POINTS.
NEXT, I'LL PUT YOU
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND NOW, WHENEVER
MY TWINKLE MOSS
WAGES BATTLE,
I GET TO DRAW
ONE CARD,
AND DEPENDING ON
WHICH KIND I GET,
TWINKLE MOSS
GETS A NEW POWER.
HA! AND IT LOOKS LIKE
I GOT A SPELL CARD.
SO NOW, TWINKLE MOSS
CAN ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
HYAH!
AAH!
BUT I'M NOT DONE,
BECAUSE NOW I'M
PLAYING SPACE-GIFT,
AND WITH THIS SPELL,
I GET TO DRAW
A CARD STRAIGHT
FROM MY DECK--
ONE FOR EACH
NEO-SPACIAN ON MY FIELD.
AND TO END MY TURN,
I LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
[CHUCKLING]
JADEN, THE DARKNESS
IN YOU GROWS STRONG.
THAT'S BECAUSE
I'M LETTING IT GROW.
BUT THIS TIME,
I AM TOTALLY
IN CONTROL OF IT.
THE DARKNESS IS A POWER
THAT YOU AWOKE IN ME,
AND NOW I'M GOING TO USE
THAT POWER FOR VICTORY.
[CHUCKLING]
JADEN, DO YOU
HONESTLY THINK
YOU CAN CONTROL
SUCH A POWER?
WELL, YUBEL, WE'RE
GOING TO FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH,
AREN'T WE?
WE BOTH KNOW,
IN THE END
ONLY ONE OF US
CAN BE THE WINNER.
NOW LET'S FIND OUT
WHO IT'S GONNA BE!
WITH THE HELP
OF MY NEO-SPACIANS
AND THE POWER
OF THE SUPREME KING,
I'M TAKING YOU
DOWN, YUBEL.
HA. YOU GOT THAT?
OH, WE SHALL SEE.
IT'S MY MOVE.
I DRAW.
AND NOW, BECAUSE
MY SPELL CHRONICLE
TRAP CARD IS
AT FULL POWER AGAIN,
YOU GET TO CHOOSE
ANOTHER CARD.
ALL RIGHT.
I CHOOSE...
FIEND ROSE!
GOOD!
AND NOW OUR MONSTERS
WILL BATTLE.
[GRUNTING]
HUH? AQUA DOLPHIN!
NO!
NOW MY PAIN BECOMES YOURS,
DUE TO YUBEL'S EFFECT.
ALL DAMAGE REFLECTS
BACK TO YOU.
AH!
AAH!
I COULDN'T HELP
BUT DO IT.
I...KNOW THAT.
YOU KNOW
NOTHING, JADEN.
HUH?
THIS IS ALL
YOUR FAULT,
BECAUSE YOU SENT ME
INTO SPACE.
NOW REVENGE IS MINE.
DUE TO ZERO SPRITE'S
EFFECT,
WE GET TO ATTACK
EACH OTHER ONCE AGAIN.
AH!
[SHOUTING]
AAH!
HA!
HERE COMES THE PAIN.
AH! UH! AAH! UH...
NOW, BY SACRIFICING
MY SAMSARA LOTUS,
MY YUBEL CARD
REMAINS IN THE FIELD.
AND NEXT, I LAY
THESE FACEDOWN.
OH!
I CALL THIS A TOUCH
OF POETIC JUSTICE.
DON'T YOU THINK,
DEAR JADEN?
MY BEST FRIEND
HURT ME,
AND NOW WITH EACH MOVE,
YOUR BEST FRIENDS HURT YOU.
NOW ANSWER ME THIS--
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THOSE YOU SENT
TO THE STARS WOULD SAY
IF THEY SAW YOU
EMBRACING THE POWER
OF THE SUPREME
KING AGAIN?
WELL, JADEN?
THEY'D PROBABLY
NEVER FORGIVE ME,
MUCH LESS
UNDERSTAND.
MAYBE I'M GOING
ABOUT THIS ALL WRONG.
[WHIMPERING]
JADEN, YOU CAN'T
LISTEN TO HER,
BECAUSE THEN YOU'RE GOING TO
START DOUBTING YOURSELF,
AND THE SUPREME KING
WILL TAKE OVER!
HE'S GOT
A POINT.
[GASPING]
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I HAVE TO REMEMBER
MY OWN ADVICE.
IF I WANT TO USE THE POWER
OF THE SUPREME KING,
I'VE GOT TO COME
TO GRIPS WITH WHAT HE--
WITH WHAT I DID.
IT'S MY FAULT
MY FRIENDS WERE LOST.
BUT NOW,
I CAN RESCUE THEM.
I HAVE TO TRUST
IN THE STRENGTH OF MY DECK
TO RIGHT ALL THE WRONGS
I'VE CAUSED.
IT'S MY MOVE,
AND I DRAW!
JADEN...HOW ABOUT
A POWER BOOST?
SOUNDS GOOD.
NOW, THEN...
DO WHAT
YOU DO BEST.
AH? HUH?
THAT BIRDBRAIN OF YOURS
WILL PAY FOR THAT.
I CAN'T WAIT TO
GROUND HIM PERMANENTLY.
WELL, WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT,
BECAUSE I PLAY
CARD EXCLUDER!
AND DUE TO HER
SPECIAL ABILITY,
YOUR SAMSARA LOTUS
IS NOW REMOVED
FROM THE GAME.
SO NOW, YOUR RESURRECTION
COMBO IS NO MORE.
ALL RIGHT!
SEE YOU, YUBEL!
THERE'S NOTHING
TO SACRIFICE.
MAYBE, BUT I'M SURE THAT CARD
ISN'T GOING AWAY THAT EASILY.
JADEN, WHY DO
YOU DO THIS?
WHY DO YOU TRY
TO GET RID OF ME?
IS IT ALL TO PROTECT
YOUR NEW FRIENDS?
YOU WORK SO HARD
TO KEEP THEM SAFE.
BUT YOU WON'T
SAVE THEM ALL.
[GASPING]
HOW?
AAH!
BEFORE YOUR MONSTER
ATTACKED,
I TRIGGERED
THE TRAP ZERO HOLE.
WITH THIS ACTIVATED,
YOUR MONSTER'S SPECIAL ABILITY
IS NEGATED,
AND THEN DESTROYED.
SO, THEN YOUR YUBEL
IS SAFE...
UNTIL I PLAY
THIS TRAP CARD.
HUH?
I ACTIVATE NEO-SIGNAL.
AND SINCE YOU
DESTROYED MY MONSTER,
I GET TO CALL OUT
A NEO-SPACIAN,
AND I'M DIGGING UP
NEO-SPACIAN GRAND MOLE.
ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR
FRIENDS, I TAKE IT.
JADEN, LET'S PARTY.
JUST LIKE OLD TIMES.
NOW, ATTACK!
HE CAN'T HARM HER.
THAT MAY BE, BUT WHEN
MY MOLE ATTACKS
YOUR YUBEL,
NO ONE TAKES
ANY DAMAGE,
BUT BOTH
OF OUR MONSTERS
GET SENT BACK TO OUR
HANDS INSTEAD.
NOT TRUE. THERE WILL BE
PLENTY OF DAMAGE,
ONCE I PLAY THE TRAP
CARD HATE BUSTER!
AND WITH THIS, KISS
YOUR MOLE GOOD-BYE,
BECAUSE NOW BOTH
OF OUR MONSTERS
ARE INSTANTLY
DESTROYED.
DESTROYED?
BUT, HERE'S
THE CATCH--DAMAGE.
YOU LOSE LIFE POINTS EQUAL
TO ALL THOSE ATTACK POINTS
YOUR NEO-SPACIAN
GRAND MOLE HAD.
OH...
[GROANING]
AAH! AAH!
JADEN!
[WHIMPERING]
AAH! AT LEAST NOW,
HER YUBEL CARD IS GONE.
THANKS FOR
YOUR HELP, PAL.
THINK AGAIN.
OH!
I'VE EVOLVED.
INTO WHAT?
SOME NEW MONSTER?
MEET MY NEW BODY!
AH!
SO, HOW DO YOU LIKE
MY NEW LOOK?
I BET YOU'RE WONDERING
HOW IT HAPPENED.
WELL, LET ME EXPLAIN IT.
SINCE YUBEL WAS DESTROYED
BY HATE BUSTER'S EFFECT,
SHE WAS ABLE TO EVOLVE
INTO THE BEAST YOU SEE NOW.
AND WITH HER,
THE STAGE IS SET...
FOR ME TO EXACT
MY FINAL REVENGE.
NOW SAY HELLO
TO TERROR INCARNATE!
IT'S TIME
YOU MET YOUR FATE.
HOLD ON. WHAT FATE?
YOU BANISHED ME.
SO NOW, IT'S YOUR TURN
TO BE BANISHED!
[CHUCKLING]
DON'T YOU SEE?
IT HAS TO END
THIS WAY.
IT WAS I WHO TRANSPORTED YOU
TO THESE FAR-OFF DIMENSIONS.
AND IT WAS I WHO TRIED TO
REACH OUT TO YOU THROUGH MARCEL,
BUT THEN YOUR FRIEND, JESSE,
HAD TO INTERFERE.
SO I TOOK HIM
AND MADE HIM MY MINION,
KNOWING YOU'D COME
LOOKING FOR HIM
AND KNOWING THAT YOUR FRIENDS
WOULD NEVER LET YOU COME ALONE.
I WAS ABLE TO
USE THEM AS PAYBACK
FOR ALL THE PAIN
YOU CAUSED ME.
THAT'S RIGHT.
I BROUGHT THEM ALL HERE
HOPING THAT IF I MADE THEM
SUFFER BY THE HANDS OF YOU,
THEIR CLOSEST FRIEND,
YOU MIGHT SEE THE ERROR
OF YOUR WAYS
AND WE COULD FINALLY
BE REUNITED.
BUT INSTEAD,
YOU FIGHT WITH THE HOPE
OF SENDING ME AWAY AGAIN.
BUT THIS TIME,
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
BUT YOU ARE, JADEN.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO VANISH
FOR ALL OF ETERNITY!
YUBEL, THAT'S NOT
GOING TO HAPPEN,
NOT WITH TWINKLE MOSS
ON MY SIDE,
BECAUSE WITH
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN DRAW ONE CARD.
HUH!
AND IT LOOKS LIKE I DREW
ELEMENTAL HERO PRISMA!
BUT BECAUSE IT'S
A MONSTER CARD,
MY TWINKLE MOSS'S EFFECT
WON'T LET ME ATTACK.
AH! SO THEN,
WHAT GOOD IS IT?
YOU'LL SEE SOON ENOUGH.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
[WHIMPERING]
SHE'S NOT
GONNA WAIT!
THAT'S RIGHT.
NOW, AQUA DOLPHIN,
LET'S DO SOME DAMAGE.
[SHOUTING]
AND JUST LIKE BEFORE,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
TAKE THE HIT.
AAH! AAH!
AND NEXT, I SUMMON BACK
SAMSARA LOTUS.
AND THEN, WHEN IT'S
THE END OF MY TURN...
[GROANING]
MY LOTUS DESTROYS
EVERY MONSTER ON MY FIELD
OTHER THAN YUBEL
TERROR INCARNATE.
AND THEN, FOR EACH MONSTER
THAT I LOST,
YOU LOSE ONE AS WELL.
[LAUGHING]
AND I THINK I'LL START
BY DESTROYING
THAT PESKY HUMMINGBIRD
OF YOURS.
BUT, SYRUS,
WITHOUT HUMMINGBIRD,
JADEN WON'T BE ABLE
TO PUMP UP
HIS LIFE POINTS
ANYMORE.
I RATHER ENJOYED THAT.
I CAN'T WAIT
TO TAKE OUT THE REST.
ALL THOSE
WHO REPLACED ME
SHALL SUFFER
AND FALL TO MY POWER!
NOT ON MY WATCH.
YOU'RE THROUGH!
BECAUSE ME
AND MY PALS
ARE GOING TO
END THIS.
WELL, TRY
ALL YOU WANT.
AND I WILL.
OH! THAT CARD!
JADEN, DO NOT WORRY.
WE ALL BELIEVE IN YOU.
YEAH, BUT...
YOU SAID IT
YOURSELF, JADEN--
YOU MUSTN'T BE AFRAID
OF THAT CARD.
YOU MUST
BE BRAVE AND USE IT,
AS IT IS THE KEY
TO VICTORY.
YOU MUST BELIEVE IN IT,
OR ALL HOPE WILL BE LOST.
UH...
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THANKS, AQUA DOLPHIN.
A BOY
AND HIS DOLPHIN...
HOW SWEET. NOW THEN,
ARE WE GOING TO DUEL?
YOU BETTER BELIEVE
WE ARE, YUBEL.
I SACRIFICE
MY DOLPHIN
TO SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO PRISMA,
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND THEN, I'LL
DRAW A CARD.
AND BY DRAWING
THE SPELL CARD
FAKE HERO,
TWINKLE MOSS
ATTACKS!
[GRUNTING]
HYAH!
AAH!
YOUR TWINKLE MOSS
IS JUST AS PESKY
AS YOUR AIR
HUMMINGBIRD WAS--
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM.
I'M FINISHED.
THAT'S RIGHT, JADEN...
BECAUSE WITH THIS TURN,
I AM GOING TO DEFEAT YOU.
YOU WILL PAY FOR ALL
THE CHOICES YOU HAVE MADE,
AND ALL OF YOUR BETRAYALS.
YOUR END IS NOT
WITH THE STARS.
YOUR FATE LIES
ELSEWHERE, JADEN.
I'M BANISHING YOU,
SOMEPLACE MUCH WORSE,
A PLACE VOID
OF CARDS AND FRIENDS,
SOMEPLACE WHERE YOU'LL BE
ALONE FOR ETERNITY!
ONCE I DEFEAT YOU,
I'M SENDING YOU FAR AWAY
TO A COLD, DARK PLACE
WHERE YOU'LL FINALLY
EXPERIENCE FIRSTHAND
THE SUFFERING
YOU CAUSED ME.
I MEAN,
IT'S ONLY FAIR.
AND WHEN YOU'RE GONE,
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF YOUR LITTLE FRIENDS
YOU LEFT BEHIND.
AND I THINK
I'LL GO AFTER SYRUS
AND HIS YELLOW
FRIEND FIRST.
UH-OH.
NO! YOU CAN'T!
[CHUCKLING]
YOU DON'T THINK SO?
BECAUSE I DON'T THINK
YOU CAN STOP ME.
[GRUNTING]
LET'S BRING THIS DUEL
TO A CLOSE.
PARTING IS
SUCH SWEET SORROW.
I SHOULD KNOW.
NOW RISE, PRISMA,
AND LET'S DO BATTLE!
PRISMA!
[GROWLING]
OH!
HERE COMES THE PAIN.
AAH! AAH!
OH, NO! JADEN'S
ALMOST OUT
OF HIS LIFE
POINTS, SYRUS!
HANG ON!
AND NOW, I DESTROY
SAMSARA LOTUS...
TO TAKE OUT
YOUR TWINKLE MOSS!
[BOTH SHOUTING]
AAH!
TWINKLE MOSS!
I'LL GET YOU
FOR THAT, YUBEL.
[CHUCKLING]
TRY IF YOU CAN.
AH...
[OJAMA SOBBING]
JADEN'S DONE FOR.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
SNEAK AWAY,
BECAUSE
AREN'T WE NEXT?
NO WAY!
BECAUSE JADEN'S
NOT GOING TO LOSE.
HE'S GOING TO TAP INTO
THE POWER OF THE SUPREME KING
AND USE IT
TO TAKE YUBEL DOWN...
UNLESS...THE PRESSURE
BECOMES SO OVERWHELMING
THAT JADEN CAN'T KEEP
THE SUPREME KING IN CHECK.
AND IF THAT HAPPENS,
I DON'T THINK
WE'LL EVER MAKE IT BACK
TO DUEL ACADEMY.
SYRUS, I CAN SENSE
THE DOUBT YOU'RE
FEELING RIGHT NOW.
I UNDERSTAND WHY.
JADEN IS NOT ONE
YOU CAN TRUST.
JUST LOOK AT WHAT
HAPPENED TO ME.
HE BETRAYED OUR FRIENDSHIP
AND SENT ME AWAY!
JUST LIKE HE DID
TO YOUR FRIENDS.
THAT WAS THEN.
AH, WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT, YUBEL.
I'M A DIFFERENT
PERSON NOW--
STRONG AND UNAFRAID
TO USE ALL MY POWERS
AGAINST YOU, GOT THAT?
SO PREPARE
TO EXPERIENCE
THE FULL EXTENT
OF MY POWER.
AND SYRUS...
YEAH, JADEN?
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
[SNARLING]
I WON'T LET ANYONE DOWN.
I'M GOING TO MAKE IT UP
TO ALL OF YOU
AND GET YOU HOME SAFELY.
COUNT ON IT.
WE'RE ALL GETTING
OUT OF HERE TOGETHER.
[GROWLING]
HA!
HEY, JESSE. I'M SORRY
I GOT YOU INTO THIS MESS.
BUT KNOW I PLAN ON
MAKING IT UP TO YOU...
BY WINNING THIS!
NOW LET'S FINISH
WHAT WE STARTED!
UH!
I'M PLAYING
THE SPELL FAKE HERO!
AND NOW, I CAN SUMMON
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
FROM MY HAND
STRAIGHT
TO THE FIELD.
LUCKY FOR YOU,
THIS GUY CAN'T
ATTACK YOU RIGHT NOW.
AND WHEN IT'S THE END
OF MY TURN,
I HAVE TO SEND HIM BACK
WHERE I GOT HIM FROM.
HUH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT SEEMS THE ONLY THING
THAT THAT MOVE
ACCOMPLISHED
WAS POWERING UP
MY SPELL CHRONICLE.
YOU FORGET...
[GASPING]
THAT MY TURN
IS NOT OVER.
AND WITH PRISMA
ON THE FIELD,
I'LL SEND A CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD
TO CHANGE HIM INTO
A FUSION MONSTER.
NOW PRISMA, WITH THE
POWER THAT YOU POSSESS,
I TRANSFORM YOU
INTO JESSE'S MOST
POWERFUL BEAST,
RAINBOW DRAGON!
[ALL GASPING]
THAT'S NOT ENOUGH
TO STOP ME.
THAT MAY BE,
BUT NOW I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION,
AND I FUSE RAINBOW
DRAGON AND NEOS
SO THAT I
CAN CALL UPON
THE MIGHTY
RAINBOW NEOS!
OH, NO!
IT CAN'T BE!
WHOA!
THIS FUSION OF FRIENDSHIP
IS GOING TO CONQUER YOU
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
[ROARING]
OH!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU'VE GOT TO
LEARN HIT-OR-MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪